Paul/cleanup (#163)
mystic-ai/pipeline: examples/docker/README.md

# Auto-docker API with Pipeline

> Pipline has support for creating FastAPI endpoints for your Pipelines out of the box. To demonstrate this we'll create a basic GPT-Neo Pipeline with a custom environment and deploy the docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipeline has support for creating FastAPI endpoints for your Pipelines out of the box. To demonstrate this we'll create a basic GPT-Neo Pipeline with a custom environment and deploy the docker image.
```

> Required to run the code below (and all auto-docker features in Pipeline) an uptodate installation of docker, and docker compose, is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the code below (and all auto-docker features in Pipeline) an up-to-date installation of docker, and docker compose, is required.
```

## API architecture

The auto-docker feature from the Pipeline library extends the base docker image found here: [pipeline-docker](https://github.com/mystic-ai/pipeline-docker).

There are three main Docker images that will be added into the final docker compose that are required to run the API:
1. `pipeline-docker` - The main image containing the API.
2. `postgresql` - This is used for traffic logging, and will be extended to include auth.

> 3. `redis` - For session data.

Author: Yeah, I'll do that in a follow up PR as it requires a lot of changes in the pipeline-docker repo. The purpose of this doc is to reflect the "as is" state

    gpt_neo = GPTNeo()

    out_str = gpt_neo.predict(in_1)

    builder.output(out_str)

gptneo_pl = Pipeline.get_pipeline("gptneo")
```

### Environment creation
Now that we have created the pipeline we can and create the environment that we'll need to run it.

```python
from pipeline.objects.environment import Environment

# An environment takes in a list of dependencies, in our case we only require transformers and torch.
# Note: You can pass in any generic dependency string (including git repos).
pl_env = Environment(
    "gptneo-env",
    dependencies=[
        "transformers==4.24.0",
        "torch==1.13.0"
    ],
)
```

### Auto Docker
Finally, using the environment and pipeline graph we can create the docker files.

```python
from pipeline import docker

docker.create_pipeline_api([gptneo_pl], environment=pl_env)
```

Running this final command will generate 4 files in your local directory:
1. `docker-compose.yml` - A docker compose file containing environment variables, build info etc.
2. `Dockerfile` - The Dockerfile that is used to create the final container
3. `gptneo.graph` - The serialised graph createed by the Pipeline context manager

> 4. `requirements.txt` - The python dependencies as defined above (`["transformers==4.24.0","torch==1.13.0"]`)

Author: It will overwrite. This optionality/error/warning will be present in a follow up PR

The docker container creates a FastAPI python environment and loads in your pipeline. The endpoint used is the same as the PipelineCloud endpoint but the host name will be your ip on port 5010:

```shell
http://localhost:5010/v2/run
```

### Using the auto-docker API

Start the docker containers in the background by running:

```shell
sudo docker compose up -d
```

You can now send requests to the API running on your local system:

```shell
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:5010/v2/run \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{"pipeline_id":"gptneo", "data":"Hey there my name is"}'
```

## Not supported

Currently the following Variables are not supported with the auto-docker feature:

> - PipelineFile

Reviewer 2: I guess this shouldn't be too painful in principle; the graph can figure out which inputs are pipeline files and expose this info, such that the Dockerfile can contain `COPY` statements acting on the source files.

Author: Yeah for sure, totally agree. This is to work with the current 'as is' state, will add that in later
